#summary AVR Butterfly Resources

= Introduction =

This is a short collection of resources I've found useful for AVR Butterfly development.


= Details =

Atmel is of course a great reference for Atmel products.
  * [http://www.atmel.com/dyn/products/product_card.asp?part_id=3012 ATMega169 Product Card] including several useful Application Notes.
  * [http://www.atmel.com/dyn/resources/prod_documents/doc2514.pdf The ATMega169 datasheet]
  * [http://www.atmel.com/dyn/resources/prod_documents/doc2530.pdf LCD details]

Joe Pardue of [http://smileymicros.com Smiley Micros] is a valuable Butterfly resource.
  * [http://www.smileymicros.com/Quick%20Start%20Guide%20-%20The%20Next%20Generation.pdf?&MMN_position=106:106 Quick Start Guide - The Next Generation] is a great introduction to the AVR Butterfly, a great start for a beginner and worth the read even if you are not.
  * [http://www.smileymicros.com/download/Butterfly%20Alternate%20Pin%20Uses.pdf?&MMN_position=62:62 Butterfly Alternate Pin Uses] Documentation of what the Butterfly's CPU's pins are connected to and Joe's notes about what you can and can't do with them.

[http://www.siwawi.arubi.uni-kl.de/avr_projects/ Martin Thomas' site] has many useful Butterfly links:
  * [http://www.siwawi.arubi.uni-kl.de/avr_projects/#bf_app AVR Butterfly Application code port to avr-gcc], some pieces of which you will find in Butteruino.
  * [http://www.siwawi.arubi.uni-kl.de/avr_projects/#bf_boot AVR Butterfly Bootloader code port to avr-gcc]
  * [http://www.siwawi.arubi.uni-kl.de/avr_projects/#avrprog_boot AVRPROG compatible bootloader for ATMEL ATmega Controllers] This may be useful for making the Butterfly Arduino experience a little smoother.
  * [http://www.siwawi.arubi.uni-kl.de/avr_projects/bf_logger/index.html A Butterfly-based data logger] possibly a source for inspiration and ideas.

Dean Camera has made available a remarkable amount of very useful information and code:
  * [http://www.fourwalledcubicle.com/AVRArticles.php AVR Articles]
  * [http://www.fourwalledcubicle.com/CodeExperiments.php AVR Experiments]

Arduino.cc Forums
  * [http://www.arduino.cc/cgi-bin/yabb2/YaBB.pl The Arduino.cc forums]
  * [http://www.arduino.cc/cgi-bin/yabb2/YaBB.pl?num=1222630663/0 A thread about using Arduino on the Butterfly]

AVR Freaks:
  * [http://www.avrfreaks.net/index.php?name=PNphpBB2&file=viewtopic&t=42846 Dataflash] Details about how the dataflash on the butterfly works.